[Python] Document-extensions pages batch - Counters, Attachments [Replace C# samples] (#1870)
ravendb/docs: Documentation/5.4/Raven.Documentation.Pages/document-extensions/counters/indexing.python.markdown

that inherits from `AbstractCountersIndexCreationTask` or `AbstractJavaScriptCountersIndexCreationTask`.  

* Auto-indexes for counters are not available at this time.  

* In this page:  
  * [Syntax](../../document-extensions/counters/indexing#syntax)  
  * [AbstractJavaScriptCountersIndexCreationTask](../../document-extensions/counters/indexing#section)  
  * [CounterNamesFor](../../document-extensions/counters/indexing#section)  

{NOTE/}

---

{PANEL:Syntax}

To index counter values, create an index that inherits from `AbstractCountersIndexCreationTask` 
and use `map` as follows.  
{CODE:python index_1@DocumentExtensions\Counters\IndexingCounters.py /}

---

### AbstractJavaScriptCountersIndexCreationTask

Creating an index inheriting from `AbstractJavaScriptCountersIndexCreationTask` allows 
you to write your map and reduce functions in JavaScript.  
Learn more about JavaScript indexes [here](../../indexes/javascript-indexes).  

{CODE-BLOCK: csharp}
public class AbstractJavaScriptCountersIndexCreationTask : AbstractCountersIndexCreationTask
{
    public HashSet<string> Maps;
    protected string Reduce;
}
{CODE-BLOCK/}

| Property | Type | Description |
| - | - | - |

> | **Maps** | `HashSet<string>` | The set of javascript map functions |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Maps** | `Set[str]` | The set of javascript map functions |
```

> | **Reduce** | `string` | The javascript reduce function |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **reduce** | `str` | The javascript reduce function |
```

Author: done
